README.md, before:

    Future Branch/Feature review Protocol
We each manage our own feature branches.  After we complete the given feature we check in with everyone else and compare our branches together to make sure that there are no conflicts.  Then we push to our intermediate branch (master) where we keep that change until it has been verified to cause no issues at which point we will push that code up to our final branch (production).
    
    External tool for communication/planning
We have our team discord server that we can use for any communication regarding the project.  Discord works really well since its easy to use and you can insert code snippets that are formatted correctely and are easy to read.

    Communication Touchpoints
We should implement a daily scrum standup meeting structure.
    Question 1.    What did you work on since we had our last check-in meeting?
    Question 2.    What are you going to work on between now and our next check-in meeting?
    Question 3.    What are some perceived roadblocks or challenges that you think might prevent you from completing this new task?
    
    Documentation process
Our plan for our documentation process is to be as detailed as possible in our commit messages.  We will specify what we added, what line we added it to, etc.

    Editor/tools used
We will be using Visual Studio Code for the coding, Github and Git for our version management and code hosting, and MSpaint and Adobe XD for our wireframing.

    Adding new tasks/functionalities
New ideas for tasks/functionalities can be proposed during our daily (in-class) meetings.  Someone can propose a new idea and everyone else can voice their opinion on the idea and decide if it is something that we want to implement at that time.

    Files that .gitignore need to negate
We need to make sure that .gitignore negates any and all config files.  Other than that there is nothing that I can think of that would need to be ignored at this point.

    Timeline for feature completion
Our timeline for feature completeion will just be as long as it takes.  If a feature is taking what we determine to be an extended or long period of time to comeplete we will meet up and determine if there is anything that needs to be done by the other team members to help with the completion of the feature.

Commit message:

added in what happens if we miss a feature deadline and  resolution for team conflict sections and rearranged the order of the items in the README.md document to match the order that the questions are in on the worksheet

README.md, after:

    Editor/tools used
We will be using Visual Studio Code for the coding, Github and Git for our version management and code hosting, and MSpaint and Adobe XD for our wireframing.

    Adding new tasks/functionalities
New ideas for tasks/functionalities can be proposed during our daily (in-class) meetings.  Someone can propose a new idea and everyone else can voice their opinion on the idea and decide if it is something that we want to implement at that time.

    Future Branch/Feature review Protocol
We each manage our own feature branches.  After we complete the given feature we check in with everyone else and compare our branches together to make sure that there are no conflicts.  Then we push to our intermediate branch (master) where we keep that change until it has been verified to cause no issues at which point we will push that code up to our final branch (production).  Following the successful implementation of a feature we will remove the branch dedicated to that specific feature.

    External tool for communication/planning
We have our team discord server that we can use for any communication regarding the project.  Discord works really well since its easy to use and you can insert code snippets that are formatted correctely and are easy to read.

    What happens if we miss a feature deadline
If we miss a planned deadline for a feature or functionality we will discuss what to do as a group and determine if we need to team up to complete the task in a timely manner.
    
    Files that .gitignore need to negate
We need to make sure that .gitignore negates any and all config files.  Other than that there is nothing that I can think of that would need to be ignored at this point.

    Timeline for feature completion
Our timeline for feature completion will just be as long as it takes.  If a feature is taking what we determine to be an extended or long period of time to comeplete we will meet up and determine if there is anything that needs to be done by the other team members to help with the completion of the feature.

    Communication Touchpoints
We should implement a daily scrum standup meeting structure.
    Question 1.    What did you work on since we had our last check-in meeting?
    Question 2.    What are you going to work on between now and our next check-in meeting?
    Question 3.    What are some perceived roadblocks or challenges that you think might prevent you from completing this new task?

    Documentation process
Our plan for our documentation process is to be as detailed as possible in our commit messages.  We will specify what we added, what line we added it to, etc.

    Resolution for in-team conflict
We don't forsee any issues but if the need arises, we will handle via trial by combat.
